are you one of those people that
question the functionality of big bulky
motorhomes and think to yourself there
goes a couple of retirees on holiday
well listen up because I've got some
news for you you see at sunliner they're
evolving their motor homes and jamming
them with so much innovation and
technology that you're never going to
look at a motor home the same way again
this is the all new special edition
someone a deck and i'll tell you what
once i show you through it I guarantee
it's going to motivate you to hit the
open road for almost 40 years someone
has been making motor homes for Ozzie
adventurers who like a bit of comfort
and they're constantly expanding the
limits of design trying to rid
themselves of the stuffy motorhome tag
now on the outside the deck sure is a
large motor home so I was expecting a
spacious interior but not this much
space you see someone achieved this
through thoughtful design they also use
bright colors and modern fixtures and
fittings so you really get that sense of
luxury they also divide the living areas
up the front you get your beautiful
dining room flanked by leather lounge
suites and a beautiful spacious kitchen
jammed with everything you're going to
need including an electric gas stove top
oven heats of storage options fridge
freezer microwave you get reverse cycle
air-conditioning double bed within a
spring mattress you get your TV with DVD
large shower call it and something you
wouldn't be expecting look at this you
get yourself haha she machine built on a
fair chassis the Sun on a deck is a
rock-solid vehicle with reliable
performance and a very comfortable
driving feel which is important when
you're behind the wheel for long
stretches of time it continues to follow
someone as dedication to delivery not
only attractive looking vehicles but
also cleverly designed functional and
robust motorhomes Tory how you doing bud
very good thanks mate I really enjoyed
driving this van through the dandenong
ranges there it is a big motor home but
I tell you what it felt like i was
driving something a little bit smaller
than what in fact is yeah look at the
fete de kado cab chassis on the tandem
axle it's a 3 liter four-cylinder 168
horsepower okay now this is spectacular
scenery this is one of your new latest
releases its the deck that leads me to
believe there's a deck in here yeah it
certainly is hey we have a look but I'd
love to
I'll tell you what rule in the middle of
the day Natanz we have our own deck this
is camping this is magnificent now the
thing I like about Salman ettore is they
don't just keep regurgitating the same
designs and just making a little bit
fresh they actually take some time to
listen to their customers find out what
the customers want and invent stuff like
this your own deck in the middle of the
damn monks and you could not buy that
view anywhere that's true look son lon
and trilok you said really hard to
define their spot in the RV industry and
offer the customers quite a lot of
choice the deck highlights how
innovative they are and how they're not
stopping at any cost and if the weather
takes a turn for the worse you can
always kick back in luxury and style
offered inside the deck the overall
finish is very modern and strategically
placed LED lights help endorse a feeling
of comfort while leather upholstery
provides a sense of luxury
you know when it comes to the motor home
market sunliner are definitely leading
the way and nothing proves that more
than their new special release
innovative deck which comes with all the
mod-cons you expect and more to
guarantee you're gonna have the very
best road trip and of course some
incredible design innovations you would
not think possible in a Motorhome I tell
you what there's never been a better
time to hit the open road and with a
sunliner you can take your home with you
find out more Gattis a milanoo.com do
you or follow the links from zoom TV